(Month) (Day) (Year)

The Honorable (First name) (Last name)
(Room Number), State Capitol
Sacramento, CA (Zip Code)

RE: Energy use of Proof of Work in relation to Executive Order 14067

the Executive Order on Ensuring Responsible Development of Digital Assets

Dear (Assembly Member/Senator) (Last name):

My name is (your first and last name) and I am a (community member/advocate
/service provider/business owner/instructor/<your profession>) who resides in your district.

In light of recent developments related to energy policy, in particular the discussions resulting
from Executive Order 14067 of March 9, 2022 (Ensuring Responsible Development of Digital Assets),
there have been some calls recently from certain communities to restrict the use of a particular
Digital Asset process called "Proof of Work" because of energy concerns.

I want to inform you that these calls-to-action are misguided and do not completely present the
environmental situation. Although it is easy to see that the Proof of Work process uses a
significant amount of energy, it is possible to perform the process in such a way that not only
causes it to run exclusively on renewable energy, but also incentivizes other business sectors
to transition to clean energy. The latter part deserves some elaboration.

Proof of Work can improve the efficiency of the energy industry by preventing something called
Renewable Curtailment, which is defined as "the deliberate reduction in output below what could
have been produced in order to balance energy supply". Renewable Curtailment prevents power grids
from working at maximum capacity and is one of the leading reasons for the increases in the number
of rolling power outages in certain districts.

Proof of Work can solve this problem when electric utilities and the digital asset companies
responsible for excessive energy consumption (called "miners" by the industry) enter into a
mutual agreement where the miners reduce their electrical consumption during times of peak
power generation, in return for a fee paid to them by the utility. In return, the miners
purchase all surplus electricity from the utility during all other periods.

This will benefit the power generation industry because they can make a profit selling surplus
electricity, and the commission they pay to miners to reduce their energy usage is much less
than that. It also enables the utilities to avoid penalties and fines for burning fossil fields
(also known as carbon tax) as renewable sources are naturally positioned to generating unlimited
amounts of energy, subject to capacity limits. In other words, Proof of Work encourages the
utilities and power plants to buy more renweable infrastructure such as solar panels and wind
turbines, because they know there will always be a buyer for the extra electricity.

If implemented properly, this scheme can reduce the amount of fossil fuels bruned nation-wide,
almost singlehandedly pushing the country to carbon-neutrality in ways that other political
proposals cannot.

It is worth mentioning that the push for other industries to renewable energy is only possible
in Proof of Work; because of technical limitations, it does not work for other processes,
such as a recent and experimental process called "Proof of Stake" that is not been fully trialled
in real-life financial constraints. Proof of Work is the only process that has demonstrsted its
capability of being used in a real-life economy - it is utilized by the largest digital assets,
such as Bitcoin. There are no other processes used by the digital assets industry besides the
two mentioned.

For the above reason, legislation for restricting Proof of Work will definitely have disasterous
consequences for the digital assets industry as it will force them to change their processes to
the insufficiently-tested Proof of Stake. Such a change will not only deprive the country of a
unique opportunity to accelerate the transition of all industries to renewabless, but it will
also cost the digital assets industry billions of dollars in lost revenue.

I strongly urge you to oppose any legistlation that restricts the use of the Proof of Work
process used by the digital assets industry.


Sincerely,
SIGN YOUR NAME

Print your name
Street address
City, State, Zip code
