(Month) (Day) (Year)

The Honorable (First name) (Last name)
(Room Number), (Parliament name)
(city), (district abbreviation) (Zip Code)

RE: Energy use of Proof of Work concerning EU legislation

Dear (Assembly Member/MP) (Last name):

My name is (your first and last name), and I am a (community member/advocate
/service provider/business owner/instructor/<your profession>) who resides in your district.

In light of recent developments related to energy policy, in particular, the discussions resulting
from recent EU legislation related to energy usage of digital assets, there have been some calls
recently from specific communities to restrict the use of a particular Digital Asset process known
as "Proof of Work" because of energy concerns.

I want to inform you that these calls to action are misguided and do not wholly present the
environmental situation. It is easy to see that the Proof of Work process consumes 
significant energy. However, the process can work in such a way that not only
causes it to run exclusively on renewable energy but also encourages other business sectors
to transition to clean energy. The latter part deserves some elaboration.

Proof of Work can improve the efficiency of the energy industry by preventing something called
Renewable Curtailment, defined as "the deliberate reduction in output below what could
have been produced in order to balance energy supply". Renewable Curtailment prevents power grids
from working at maximum capacity and is one of the leading reasons for the increases in the number
of rolling power outages in certain districts.

Proof of Work can solve this problem when electric utilities and the digital asset companies
responsible for energy consumption at industry-level demand (these entities are called "miners"
by the industry) enter into a mutual agreement with utility companies to purchase allotments of
energy on long term contracts lasting for several months. This gives responsible predictable
power supply and consumption, and thus evades the peaks and dips of unpredictable demand.

Then, the miners can reduce/manage their electrical consumption via efficiency methods of new
equipment and business planning, where they can sell some of their allotment at a buyback rate
the utility company pays.

This scheme will benefit the power generation industry because they can profit from selling
surplus electricity, and the buyback from miners is a far below 100% of the contract value.
It also enables the utilities to avoid penalties and fines for burning fossil fields (also
known as a carbon tax), as renewable sources have the potential to generate unlimited amounts
of energy, subject to capacity limits of the power grids.

In other words, Proof of Work encourages the utilities and power plants to buy more renewable
infrastructure, such as solar panels and wind turbines, because they know there will always be a
buyer for the extra electricity.

If appropriately implemented, this scheme can reduce the amount of fossil fuels burned nationwide,
almost singlehandedly pushing the country to carbon-neutrality in ways that other political
proposals cannot.

It is worth mentioning that the push for other industries to renewable energy is only possible
in Proof of Work. Because of technical limitations, it does not work for other processes. In
particular, it's not possible when using a particular experimental process called "Proof of Stake";
moreover, it has not been thoroughly trialed in real-life financial constraints.

Proof of Work is the only process that has demonstrated its capability of being used in a real-life
economy - the most prominent digital assets utilize it, such as Bitcoin. The vast majority of the
digital assets industry uses no other processes besides the two mentioned.

For the reasons written in the previous two paragraphs, legislation restricting Proof of Work will
have disastrous consequences for the digital assets industry as it will force them to change their
processes to the insufficiently-tested Proof of Stake. Such a change will not only deprive the
country of a unique opportunity to accelerate the transition of all industries to renewables,
but it will also cost the digital assets industry billions of dollars in lost revenue.

I strongly urge you to oppose any legislation that restricts the use of the Proof of Work
process used by the digital assets industry.


Sincerely,
SIGN YOUR NAME

Print your name
Street address
City, District, Zip code
